Yongling Dynasty was established for a hundred years
To reassure women about their husbands and children
Special laws are made for the killing of female students
You enrolled me in school
I paid for your mother's treatment
Remember that you dare to expose your identity and delay my pleasure
You two just wait to die
Let go of me!
Why can't women read?
I don't accept it.
I have already ordered the female scholar to kill very little
Let go of me!
I don't accept I don't
Looking so delicate, I'm still interested in looking like this
Are you also a woman?
I am Xu Wenjin, the son of the prefect's family
How could it be a woman?
I've heard for a long time that the son of the prefect is stubborn
It turns out that the courage is so small, hahaha.
Fortunately, I got a single room.
Find an assassin Find an assassin Find an assassin Find an assassin
Open the door
Open the door, open the door, open the door